hey folks it's je From Evolution
Unleashed today we're looking at Dary 3
the inbuilt image generator inside cat
GPT and I'm going to show you some
simple tricks that you can use to create
a very unique style and give your images
a bit more of a lift look the simple
fact is the barriers to entry for
Content creation are gone anybody can
sit in front of a dancing cursor type
out a prompt make me an image of and
voila artists so we're going to see an
explosion of content this year and
onwards where we're going to see 20 30
or even 50 times more content the
standard will be a lot higher than a lot
of the rubbish content we see now
because we're going to be leaning into
Ai and it will do a lot of the heavy
lifting so the base level required to
even just be on the radar is going to be
significantly higher so the question I
always ask is well where's the edge how
do we go above and stand out from the
crowd when that crowd is AI generated
and there's a flood of it so we're going
to show you today some very simple ways
to adjust the style of dolly3 which will
allow you to create some really unique
and original art and when you're
adjusting style it's very easy to create
more images that are very consistent to
that style allowing you to have a
consistent presence in your images
through AI if that's what you're looking
for so we're going to look at a welcome
post going to dive in and I'm going to
show you these Styles right now and here
we are inside chat
GPT where I asked very simple prompt
folks please create a welcome post uring
the only text used is welcome okay and
this is what it gave me a lovely little
Community Home feel good don't think
that's my style but I just want to show
you a start point and here's some of the
cool stuff that you can do just by
changing the style and describing the
style that you want so for example let's
look at this prompt thank you this time
please use a tattoo on canvas style I
completely made that up I don't even
know if it's a real style but there it
is you got a couple of birds the
flowers right very much in the style of
tattoo and yes it's on a canvas okay so
you know there's a very unique style and
look how different that is just by
adjusting the style right literally just
these words here tattoo on canvas style
and that is what you have to do type
what you want and then tell it the style
you want so this is tattoo on canvas
style let's go explore a few more
because these get quite
fun this time I just want you to use a
black and white sketch style and there
it is and this time it even showed the
sketchboard it's being
handwritten um you know the spelling's
pretty good we'll talk about that
shortly is that L upside down anyway it
click clearly says welcome so that's uh
again very different from that so then
list time I want it in the style of
Pixar which is one of the big 3D
animation Studios and look at that
completely different slightly spelled
wrong but clearly says welcome and look
you can always regenerate using the
regenerate button uh I've gone too far
down but you can always regenerate if
you don't like it and often the second
or the second one is better for example
here you'll see this two of two down
here on the
left so that was the first one it gave
me which is actually pretty good but it
had two Ls it was spelled wrong but I
liked the image so I just regenerated it
oh and uh that's what it gave me okay so
here's the Pixar one I like that I think
it's pretty cool don't know what you
think but very much in the vibe of a lot
of those Pixar movies um so this time
let's do Disney so you can just say in
the style of Disney now check that out
it's uh not very cool so what I've done
is regenerate and then look at that
isn't that amazing um spell exactly
perfectly screams Disney and how
different is that from the other ones
that we've seen so pro pro tip usually
generate a lot and you'll get some
different options
okay all right so we're getting through
so that's a Disney style and now I want
to do the style of a black and white
hand sketch showing the hand sketching
it onto a large canvas large canvas well
we got our large canvas there he is
sketching or the artist sketching uh
welcome pencils over here Studio dirty
sort of easel and it's a black and white
sketch certainly don't like the black
and white sketch but there it
is uh and of course if we don't like it
we regenerate it seems all my
regenerations have gone the wrong way
and this is the new one so see the
second one is often better than the
first
one uh but the spelling is not quite
100% so you can just keep regenerating
it can be a bit frustrating uh sometimes
if you're good at Photoshop you can get
in there the text is relatively simple
and you can replicate that text inside
Cana eg it has a font similar you can
use its magic tool to edit text it has a
grab text function look I've done a
YouTube video on that I'll drop it in
the description below so that if you
want to go and figure out how to use
canva to change text um from dily 3 uh
images uh real easy okay so there's our
handdrawn canvas this time I want clip
art style on a plain white background so
there it is notice the hand is still
there drawing it and that's probably
just seeped from The Prompt above I
wasn't clear enough to say it was a
fresh start but if you did that in a
fresh window I doubt we'd have the hand
but still very very funky very clip Arty
cool style very different again okay so
let's keep having some fun this time I
want the word welcome but this time I
didn't give it a style and this is where
people go wrong and I said just appeal
to an audience who are into Ai and this
is what it gave me which I thought was
pretty boring um the brain the AI how
often do you see that brain and AI
generated and again let's look at the
second generation
uh right so again you see a lot of the
circuit trees a lot of the black and the
the neon colors when you're using AI in
your prompt so not again spelled very
wrong so not the best sort of uh way to
do it folks you want to set a style and
then just create that style from your
imagination from whatever you want for
example uh let's say I want to use
Japanese
anime okay so there's the first one I'm
going to show you a few different images
uh spelled a we bit wrong but definitely
cool I love the colors definitely got
that anime Bend to it now I did three
generations here there's the second one
more of the sort of um bright vibrant
colors again the spelling was a bit off
which is a shame but again just keep
regenerating because then sometimes you
will get that wow so how cool is that
there's your Japanese anime welcome I
may use that in our group and my next
welcome post because I think that is
epic don't know about you but that's
pretty cool right so just regenerate
until you get it right sometimes it just
won't limitations we've got to work with
them whether we like them or not so
regenerating is at least a way we can
mitigate it you saw the first two uh
were spelled wrong this one was correct
okay now let's run another welcome post
but this time and let's just pick
another style digital pixel art how cool
is that definitely digital pixel art
right so you see that by creating the
style you create a very unique image and
then you can go and create all your art
no matter what you're wanting in the
style of digital pixel art for example
and all your art no matter what you're
drawing or telling it to draw will do it
in this style and that's how you build
consistency and if you're really clever
you won't just do a very generic style
you'll actually get really creative and
describe your style and quite a big lot
of detail so that it's very unique and
tailored to you and a lot harder for
other people to copy
okay right let's have a look at 1970s
Jazz it really struggled with this with
the spelling but definitely 1970s Jazz
feeli it uses flamboyant groovy
lettering even the way it described it
it went into the mode uh there's the
second one um two M's but not ideal and
then the last one uh which I thought was
cool but it missed the L um but still
they're all very cool retro
images okay and then I've got one more
which is let's do a cinematic I was
meant to say poster um but let's do a uh
a style a cinematic style gosh words are
hard and we'll do it as if welcome is
the name for the new movie and there it
is somebody again the hand drawings
probably seeped through from the history
in this
conversation but very cool um in terms
of drawing up this poster these
helicopters and birds
welcome I thought that was quite
impressive
honestly so that was pretty cool and
then whoops we ran out of usage cap
while I was trying to film this now my
favorite ones uh this one I think is
absolutely
incredible um I thought that was cool
that was really nice and I think if I
continue to regenerate we get some cool
stuff you can use a smaller canvas are
you said large smaller and it'll be a
smaller
canvas um but the Disney one I think is
amazing right perfectly spelled looks
amazing you've got lots of the uh sort
of shapes down here some Mickey and Mini
Mice yeah um obviously the Pixar one was
fun I would I could have regenerated
that you'll get some really cool ones
using Pixar style and so on so folks
what I want to encourage you is it's
really easy to set a style and it's how
you make your sort of content a bit more
unique in the image generator so that's
really all I wanted to share today I
hope you found this useful and I'd love
to hear what style you create uh in
terms of creating your own unique darly
3 art so that's it for today I'll see
you again tomorrow peace